What are the feature of React? Features of react. Uh, so it uses virtual Dom. Uh, it works only on the front end part. Uh, it is uh, fast as compared to like uh uh, it is uh, what you can say. So, due to the chill Dom, uh, the processing is faster uh, than uh compared to angular. Yes. Come again, is compared faster than angular. Uh, angular. Like I uh, can't say angular, uh, because I don't know much of angular, but I can't compare because I don't know angular. So, yeah, uh, it is a one way data binding. It uses JSX. With the help of JSX, we can write uh, HTML in React. Uh, and as I said, uh, yeah, it uses components, uh, due to which we can use the component logic. So these are the features. Okay, so why is it one way data binding? Uh, uh, why it is because uh, the data flows in one direction. HM. So due to which it is known as one way data binding mhm. Okay, what is the use of Babel? Babel? It is a compiler. So what it does is uh, it converts the uh, you can say JSX into JavaScript objects. So it helps browser to understand. Right. Okay, uh, can you explain the difference between Virtual Dom and real Dom? Yeah, sure. So, Virtual Dom, what it happens is in Virtual Dom, so there are a ah, certain code written. So suppose a line uh, of code is changed. So what happens in this situation is the processing it will only done on the change line of code. Whereas in real Dom, the processing will if the similar situation, if we take that a single line of code is changed in the particular line of codes. So what in real Dom it will do is it will process the whole code instead of the single line of code. So therefore the Virtual Dom, the processing is faster. Okay, uh, framework or ready? It is a library. Okay, what is use of ECX six. Es Six. Es six? Yes. Es six. Uh, like it provides different features. Like uh, let const, uh, then arrow functions, uh, then destructuring, uh, default, uh, like promises, callbacks, uh, and Destructuring. Um, uh, this MapReduce, these kind of features, uh, they provide. Okay, uh, what are the different uh, part of the component in Aria JS? Different part of I like um, different part of components. Like I didn't get like. Suppose um, when you want to create the component in a react. Okay, so what are things you need to develop for component? So different types you are asking or like uh, functional class components. Uh, higher order components. Uh huh. So there is a function based component, the other is class component class based. Which one is a better and which is uh, more useful? Uh, uh, after the introduction of hooks, the functional components are better. Why? Because they are simply a JavaScript functions. They are easier to test uh, uh, as they are simply JavaScript functions and also uh comparatively to the class components the less line uh, of codes are written as compared to the uh, class components. There are render method as well uh, render written but here only written method we don't write in function component uh, render method. So it is very much uh like we uh use less line of codes but performance wise due to uh this it will be less impact but yeah, it makes uh a. Difference. Okay, do you have experience with node JS? Yes. Do you have experience with node JS? Node JS? No I'm trying to learn but uh. Uh, right now no. Okay, what is the function use like use state in react? Use state is used for uh tracking the states. So what it will do it allows you to have uh the you can say state variables. So use it uh, for example you can take uh mhm okay, so for example const variables uh, comma set variable equals to use state and we can provide the default value if we want and then later on with the help of set variable we can change the value as. Well. Okay, um, what is the difference between control and uncontrolled component? Control component? Uh, uh so in control component, the input field it is handled by uh react whereas in uncontrolled component it is handled by the Dom. Handled by dom dom dom dom. Uh, okay, uh, what is the use of prop drilling in react? Prop drilling, you mean to say yes. So prop drilling what it will do is you uh can say the props, they are passed from uh, one part to another part. Uh, how can I. Say? You can take an example. No worries. Uh, we pass one by one. Uh, so there is A connected to B and B is connected to C. So what happens is uh we have to go through like hierarchical way. We can't directly pass from A to C component. We have to pass from A to B and then B to C. Correct? Okay, uh, there is a hooks available, right? React hooks? Yes. Can we create our custom. Hooks? Custom. Hooks? Is it possible? Custom hooks? Yes, it is possible. Uh, have you created? I uh, haven't done much but it is possible. Mhm, okay, uh, do you know the serious strict mode? In a react strict mode I am react strict mode. Uh, when you suppose you define your app okay, in app there is a react strict mode. What is the use of strict mode? It is like you can see, uh uh, how can I say it is used for showing the problems in an application. Just for uh, showing the problems you. Can see okay, how to pass the data uh, between the component. So you are asking me uh, there are certain ways those ways you are asking me? Yes. So with the help of props, we can do, uh, with the help of callback function, with the help of, uh, contact CPN with the help of redux. Okay, so which um, one is better? Which one is better? Redux. Yes. Okay, so Redux is a cache server, right? Redux is cache. Redux is caching, right? Yes. Okay, so it's a third party, right? Redux is yes. Okay. Have you worked with router react? Router, yes. Okay. Can you explain, uh, how route works in react? Uh, uh, means routing routing mechanism. Yes. So, uh, what uh, it will do is like, uh, how can it. Uh. Should, uh, I explain example. Uh, what we do is, uh, we wrap our content. So for example, like, uh, browser, uh, browser, uh, take in written, we write browser router and uh, we route and certain path will write for the different pages. Like, uh, home pages, contact pages. We can do like with the help of route path element, we can write inside. That. So, have you worked with database side or only front end side? No. Uh, but yeah, I do have idea of SQL MySQL. Okay. MySQL, yes. Uh, do you know the joins? Yes, I do know what mhm is. Left join. So left join, it will return all records from the you can say left hand side table and the match records. From the right table. And match record? Yes, left record, all record of left. Side. And you can say, uh, like common records from both the table. Okay. Upload your application on server? On server. I haven't did. Okay. Do you have experience with client side? Uh client side? Yes. Uh, which uh, country? International. Local? International. Okay. Country? Portugal. Portugal. Okay. So are you connecting. With uh, we directly, uh, communicate with them, uh, so that we get to know the requirements, uh, because uh, there were a few projects uh, in which uh, uh, the main project manager what happened is there can be a gap. So if uh, something the client says to them, so there can be a gap. So some gap, uh, by telling some uh, requirements, there can be some gap. So in those projects, we uh, told them that uh, we can directly communicate so that there won't be any gap between them so that we can fulfill the requirements. Right. Now, uh, my important part, important question is are you interested to learn Node JS? Because yes, definitely. I'm looking the full stack developer. Like, you have a react experience, but you can learn Node and you can become as a full stack developer. So we can give the uh, time to learn the node JS and as well as database, so your profile will be more realistic. And um, uh, we can conduct the interview with the client. Okay. Okay. So only react JS, we need another developer for the node, right? Yes. Dependency. So if you are interesting, then um, uh, I can share my feedback to HR and HR will update you. Okay. Yes. I am asking. Yeah. You are interested, right? Yes, I am pretty much interested. Okay.