Good morning. My name is Sonam Sandhu and am your examiner for today. May I see your ID, please? Yes, this is my ID. Thank you. May I know your full name? My name is Divyansh Rajput. Okay, how may I call you? You can call me Divyansh. Do you know the meaning of your name? No, I do not know m my meaning of my him, but today I ask my parents. Okay, so what do you do in your free time? I do playing games and watching TV and um seeing videos on YouTube and social media. What kind of videos do you watch on YouTube? I watch videos on blogs daily vlogs uh, like vloggers and seeing prank videos uh is entertainment me a lot. Okay, so let's talk about television now. How often do you watch television? I do not watch television because they are very dramatic and they do not provide any knowledgeable. Okay, which television channel do you usually watch? Uh, as I previously mentioned that I do not watch television. Uh, I watch videos on YouTube, uh, like vlogs and prank videos that I mentioned. That's good. Do you enjoy the advertisements on social media platforms? I skip all the advertisement because I don't like them when I'm watching videos. Okay. Do you think most programs on television are good? No, I think they are not good because they are always quite boring and they are dramatic and they do not provide any knowledgeable to the youth and young generations. Okay, that's very good. Are you ready for the part two? Yes, I'm ready for the part two. Okay, so here you'll get a minute to prepare a talk on a particular cue card and then you need to speak for in between one and two minutes. Okay, here's your pen and paper. And. Uh, here's the cue card topic. Describe a friend you remember from your childhood and your time starts now. Your time's up. Shall we start the speaking now? Yes. You may start. There is a lot of friends who I remember from my childhood. But there is one person whom I know. Uh, his name is Ritik. He used to be help in my studies. As I remember, he helped me when I scored 90 marks in maths. My mother and my father is very fond of him and he greeted my parents every day. Uh, well, I vividly remember he comes to my home every weekend and he still comes to my home. M, um well, um whenever I think of him, I m feel very nostalgic and delightful. At last whenever I think uh he is very honest and he is nice person. Thank you so much. Now, let us start part three here. I'll be asking you some follow up questions on the topics friendship and influence of friends here. The first question is what are the qualities of a good friend? He should be careful, he should be livable. And one most important thing is he should be honest with his friend. Okay, good. How easy is it to make friends with people from a different age group? Yes, it is good because they guided you and is very experienced and he should guide you with her experience. And it, uh, is a good thing to make friends from different age groups. Okay, let's talk about the next topic, influence of friends. And the first question is, do you think it is possible to be friends with someone if you never meet them in person? Yes, it is possible to make friends on now, look, today's generations make friends on online, like Instagram. I also make friends on Instagram, Facebook. So, yes, it is possible to make friends on different do you think that. Is a real friendship? Yes, uh, I think that is a real friendship because you never met them with them, but you, uh, make a good bond with them on regular, uh, talk and make, uh, um, shared memories with them on daily basis. Great. What kind of influence can friends have on our lives? Uh, can you repeat, please? What kind of influence can friends have on your life? Or we can paraphrase this question how do friends influence you? They influence me a lot because they encourage me, they support me, and they are very fun, caring person. And every time I feel demotivated, they motivated me to do things, and they're very supportive. That influences me. So here's the last question. How important would you say, is it to have friends from different cultures? No, I don't have, uh, any friend from different culture, so I did not know these answers. Okay.